Update README.md (#2)
dufflink/vfont: README.md

## What does the library make easier?

> First of all, I wondered if variable fonts are supported in iOS. Nowadays, developers use the top-level `UIFont` class to work individually with Light, Regular, Medium, Bold, and other font styles. I discovered that VF support had already been added in `iOS 3.2`. However, it was done at the low level in the `CTFont` class in the `CoreText` library. This leads to extra work in order to get to variable fonts using `CoreText` and 'UIFont'.

Author: @dufflink This part about "at low level" -- I don't know what it means. Did it mean it was done poorly? Or it is done at something else.. like assembly code is low level code, for example..

Reviewer: Yes, "low level code" is like assembly

Author: ```suggestion
First of all, I wondered if variable fonts are supported in iOS. Nowadays, developers use the top-level `UIFont` class to work individually with Light, Regular, Medium, Bold, and other font styles. I discovered that VF support had already been added in `iOS 3.2`. However, it was implemented using low level code in the `CTFont` class in the `CoreText` library. This leads to extra work in order to get to variable fonts using `CoreText` and 'UIFont'.
```
